as you returned home for a long
afternoon of cruising or sailing the
open waters of Lake Lanier dock your
watercraft at you new home at 40 161
gray field bluff Drive in Gainesville
Georgia this luxury lakefront home is
constructed of stone sits on an acre
plus lot in a protected Cove and has a
detached guesthouse and a remarkable
electoral living area that's the enemy
of your neighbors this 5 bedroom 5 bath
and 3 half bath home was built in 2008
in his part of a gated community with an
active homeowners association that
includes a clubhouse out to a pool and
lighted tennis courts unwind in the
fresh waters of the outdoor heated
infinity pool the hot tub or just relax
in the adjacent custom Cabana the
designers and the artisans of this
estate left out no detail with a
comfortable indoor climate this home
maintains its charm throughout every
season come enjoy the nine-foot ceilings
the cathedral ceilings and the hardwood
floors throughout this home everywhere
it seems there's a spectacular view from
the kitchen to the family room to the
master bedroom to the outdoor kitchen
you have water views of the cove and a
wide open waters beyond
this home also features a computer room
exercise room family room great room
library media room and recreation room
at night this luxury home lights up like
an Amber Lantern and reveals the
pleasing lines of its facade as well as
the architectural details which were
fully intended by its designers for more
information about this home
contact us today and come experience the
charm the luxury and the comfort of this
special lakefront property
you